Yield
    Makes 6 servings
Active Time
    45 min
Total Time
    45 min

Ingredients

        1 3/4 cups chicken broth (14 fl oz)
        1 1/2 lb skinless boneless chicken breast halves
        5 tablespoons unsalted butter
        1/2 each yellow, red, and orange bell peppers, cut into 1/2-inch pieces (2 cups)
        1 1/4 teaspoons salt, or to taste
        1/2 teaspoon black pepper
        1/2 cup finely chopped onion
        2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
        1 1/4 cups heavy cream
        1/4 lb white mushrooms, trimmed and quartered
        3 large egg yolks
        1 tablespoon fresh lemon juice, or to taste
        2 tablespoons dry Sherry, or to taste
        1/2 teaspoon paprika (not hot)
        6 (1/2-inch-thick) slices firm white sandwich bread (preferably Pullman), toasted
        1/4 cup chopped fresh flat-leaf parsley

Preparation

        Put broth and chicken in a 2- to 3-quart heavy saucepan and bring just to a simmer over moderate heat, uncovered. Turn chicken over and gently poach at a bare simmer, uncovered, until just cooked through, about 5 minutes more.
        Transfer chicken to a cutting board. Pour broth through a fine-mesh sieve into a heatproof 2-cup measure and reserve for sauce.
        Heat 2 tablespoons butter in a 4- to 5-quart wide heavy pot over moderately high heat until foam subsides, then cook peppers, stirring, until softened (do not brown), 6 to 8 minutes. Transfer peppers to a bowl and stir in 1/4 teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper.
        Add onion and remaining 3 tablespoons butter to pot and cook over moderately low heat, stirring, until softened, 3 to 5 minutes. Add flour and remaining teaspoon salt and 1/4 teaspoon pepper and reduce heat to low, then cook, stirring, 2 minutes. Whisk in 3/4 cup broth, then all of cream and mushrooms, and simmer until mushrooms are tender, about 5 minutes.
        Meanwhile, whisk together yolks, lemon juice, Sherry, and paprika in a small bowl. Whisk in 1/2 cup sauce, then stir yolk mixture back into sauce remaining in pot. Cook over low heat, stirring (do not simmer, or sauce will curdle), until sauce is slightly thickened, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat and reserve.
        Cut chicken crosswise into 1/3-inch-thick slices and add along with peppers to sauce, then cook over low heat (do not simmer, or sauce will curdle), stirring occasionally, until chicken and peppers are just heated through. Add more broth to thin if desired.
        Spoon chicken à la king over toast on 6 plates, then sprinkle with parsley. 

Cooks' notes:
· Chicken can be poached 1 day ahead and cooled completely in broth, uncovered, then chilled, covered. Reheat chicken in broth over low heat before proceeding. · Sauce, without yolk mixture, can be made 1 day ahead and chilled, covered. Bring sauce slowly to a simmer before proceeding.
